you always say that why you do so there
I told you
this is Chris Marlin over at JT Marlin
right now the whole firms going nuts
hold on let me open up the door to my
office give me the two thousand shares
there's a pleasure doing business but
sometimes the only way to stop evil is
not with good you must confront it with
another kind of evil oh the hell are you
[Applause]
my god
[Music]
you stay
No
well you what is it with you what do you
got a death wish or something that's
what it takes I just want to race I lose
you car
let's do it
your funeral rider died remember
[Applause]
[Music]
oh my god I knew let me not be
shame letting out Miami try and pull me
[Music]
the party
[Applause]
yeah let's cut him loose
[Music]